Oh
oh yeah
you hurt someone I'll hurt you
I'll kill you
wrong
I never wanted to do this clock but
you're bad
I need stop you are not clock you are
and deep down you know I know I'll kill
you you're wrong
Oh
where am I the Batcave hmm it looks
different
Lucius gave me an upgrade I like it
stay down you need to rest
after all I did give you a beating you
what Yelp it's all over the news oh gosh
that's not good for my reputation
Who am I kidding Clark you're not
yourself if you were in control the
fight would have been totally different
I could have been dead
I don't know Bruce it looks like you
gave me a beating Clark your god that
doesn't mean anything
it does so what do you remember nothing
really only pictures of you hmm
a guy in a red mask red hood red hood
he's vigilante I need to stop him he's
taking crime but he's killing is he
wearing a bat symbol yeah I think he's
trying to show that he's new Batman
taking down crime into his own hands but
he's not let me help
no you need to rest I've already called
you a taxi and Alfred got you some
clothes
go home o'clock Bruce no offense
he's beaten you twice if things get out
of hand
I'll call Oliver okay Bruce thanks for
everything
no problem now if you excuse me I've got
to make a trip to an old friend of yours
who where else with the Red Hood get red
kryptonite Lex
exactly
I knew you would show up sooner or later
Red Hood talk and are you going to make
me unless you want me to ruin your face
I'd start ok then red hood hmm he's a
good guy he's like you keep him
kryptonite you wanted to distract you
what from he's got something planned for
you for Gotham for everyone he knows
guys people that you thought were your
friends you may wanna check again where
is he I don't know he didn't tell me
much he just proposed an offer he gets
you to kill Superman which by the way
you failed and I get to kill you
that's not axe oh really
you're going to try and kill me not
exactly I have no interest in you I want
you to tell me where Superman is and
I'll let you go or you cannot and let's
just say that GCPD will be no more so
your plan is to bomb the GCPD
unless you take me to Superman okay I
will if you also tell me why the Red
Hood wanted to fight between me and
Superman he needed time time for what to
kill the commissioner is that what he
told you yes that's all I know and I bet
he was the one who put the bomb in GCPD
perhaps
get down what God